Have you ever had a goal
that you were really committed to,
but after a lot of work with little reward,
you started feeling like you weren't getting anywhere?
When following through with our goals,
it's easy to feel defeated.
But there is something that can help, measurements.
When you measure ongoing progress,
you get answers to questions like, "How am I doing?"
And that leads to several benefits.
So let's take a look at what those benefits are
and what measurement strategies you can use.
The first benefit of measuring progress
is that it offers insight into your development.
Rather than making assumptions based on how you feel,
you'll have unbiased data that shows you where you're headed
and if that's in the right direction.
Second, measurements help you uncover and remove obstacles.
By measuring your progress, you'll catch shortcomings
before you fall too far behind.
That way, you can make the appropriate changes and improve.
Next, measurements boost motivation.
By measuring your progress,
you'll see how every action you take,
no matter how small, brings you a step closer to your goal.
And those everyday wins
will help build confidence and enthusiasm.
Finally, measurements heighten productivity.
When you're tracking your day-to-day actions,
you'll be less likely to give in to distractions.
Plus, by seeing how your efforts are creating real outcomes,
you'll feel encouraged to continue improving those numbers.
So with all of those benefits,
what's the best way to measure your progress?
Let's unpack four common strategies.
First, you can measure your progress by creating checklists.
To use this technique,
make a list of milestones on the way to your goal.
For example, if your goal is to learn French,
you might have items such as reading an educational book,
attending learning workshops, and taking practice tests.
Then you can check off each task when it's done
and see if you're staying on target.
Next, you can use the paperclip strategy,
which works great for those goals
that require an everyday repetitive action
such as making a set number of calls.
The strategy involves adding an item
such as a paperclip to a jar
every time you perform a needed activity.
The paperclip strategy works because it gives you
a visual measurement of small-scale wins,
and it shows you how each action you take
has a quantifiable value.
If there's a task you need to perform every day,
such as making your bed every morning,
you can practice what's called the Seinfeld method.
The strategy is simple.
First, grab a calendar.
Then mark an X for each day you perform a needed action.
While straightforward, this method is valuable
because it gives a visual representation
of how often you're following through with your targets.
Plus, as those Xs fill up,
you'll gain added motivation not to break the chain.
Finally, you can also measure the difference
between where you are and where you planned on being.
For example, let's say you have a goal
to wake up at five o'clock every morning.
You can then measure the difference
between that expectation and reality.
So if you're waking up
between 7:00 and 8:00 a.m. every morning
instead of 5:00 a.m.,
that's your cue to revise your strategy.
After choosing any one
or several of those measurement techniques,
your next step is to review your progress.
Measurements give you a picture
of what's working and what isn't,
but their purpose is to promote action.
So reflect on how you're doing.
And if you're falling short, ask yourself why.
By measuring your results
and adjusting your strategy as needed,
you'll make real, tangible progress toward your goals.
You'll see how small steps lead to bigger strides.
And you'll feel encouraged to keep pushing
as your goal appears on the horizon.